Code for particpant:  kcc9z23u 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to pay close attention to the arrival timing of the other participant.  The closer it was to 8AM, the more certain I was that they would go to the canteen.  I was frustrated when they went to the office as I'm not sure the other player had a solid game plan and could not communicate with them. 

Code for particpant:  b4745fft 
 Strategy answer:  A terrible one!! If the time was not too close to 9am I chose canteen. 

Code for particpant:  n17jcprh 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to anticipate their moves psychologically in response to mine and failed I guess. 

Code for particpant:  iwbjyzz8 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't have enough data based on the rounds to use a strategy so I just went off of what I thought the other person would pick. 

Code for particpant:  byp0ivs7 
 Strategy answer:  We like to go to the canteen so I went ahead and did so. 

Code for particpant:  4x97ibx6 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to make the best guess I could and tried to maximize my money. I didn't do so well :( 

Code for particpant:  l02hrt6u 
 Strategy answer:  close to or after 9 chose office 

Code for particpant:  zwnfc4kb 
 Strategy answer:  On monday morning everyone goes to office 

Code for particpant:  aq6mtewo 
 Strategy answer:  I went with what I would do as I have done at any office job ive had so far. 

Code for particpant:  f5mh3hgc 
 Strategy answer:  What I thought he'd do 

Code for particpant:  r7r5nx0z 
 Strategy answer:  Go big or go home 

Code for particpant:  ubiglrl1 
 Strategy answer:  I attempted to make the correct decision for each round, to maximize payout per round. 

Code for particpant:  8b7jp8tr 
 Strategy answer:  If I arrived to the workplace with plenty of time, I would go to the canteen. If I arrived with only a few minutes, I would go to the office. 

Code for particpant:  klxu1olq 
 Strategy answer:  Whenever the time was earlier than 8:50AM, I would choose to go to the canteen, hoping that my partner would choose the same. However, if it was 8:50 AM or later, I would go to the office as my partner and I had a 10 minute time difference and I wouldn't know if they arrived at 8:40 or 9:00. 

Code for particpant:  9sz51z41 
 Strategy answer:  I thought if the time was 8:50 or earlier then I would have time to go to the canteen. I thought my partner would think that as well. Later in the game I realized that maybe 8:50 was cutting it too close and that I should go to the office instead. It seemed that strategy played out the best. 

Code for particpant:  poblvgrl 
 Strategy answer:  I thought my partner would see that it was close to the time and not go to the canteen, as I always got to the office at 9:00AM. Being it's 10 minute difference they would have gotten there at 8:50AM, but must have kept assuming I was getting there before them. 

Code for particpant:  8tikztnu 
 Strategy answer:  Looked at the time I showed up to work then if it was before 9 AM including the 10 minutes my colleague has to come to work I would go to canteen otherwise office. 

Code for particpant:  0h5y3ynv 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to choose the option with the least penalty, but that didn't work out very well. 

Code for particpant:  3j0xmusa 
 Strategy answer:  I went with my instinct of what I would do in real life. I assumed my partner would do the same as well. On Monday I would go to the canteen first, but would go to work Tuesday to focus on work. 

Code for particpant:  rhte04g2 
 Strategy answer:  I HAVE THINK OF MIND 

Code for particpant:  8s4vhpit 
 Strategy answer:  If it was close to 9:00AM, within 20 minutes or so, I would go to the office. Otherwise I would just chose to go to the canteen. Unfortunately it almost worked out for everyone except one, and I have no idea why they would have chosen to go to the office on said round because it was really early and we would have had plenty of time to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  556swypq 
 Strategy answer:  I simply tried to calculate where my colleague might go based on my own arrival time. 

Code for particpant:  g7xx1b70 
 Strategy answer:  Picked what I would do if i were the other person figuring out the times they would get to work... 

Code for particpant:  azjwoivf 
 Strategy answer:  I only guessed 

Code for particpant:  r8lplw84 
 Strategy answer:  i used my gut  Thank you for the great pay! 

Code for particpant:  o008lq3u 
 Strategy answer:  the time was a huge factor 

Code for particpant:  rrt53yj1 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time and thought about what they would do if they really arrived at that time of the morning. 

Code for particpant:  qz2wmp3f 
 Strategy answer:  I knew they would arrive 10 minutes on one end or the other, I based my choices on knowing that and went with what I considered safe. 

Code for particpant:  d7k0t6rd 
 Strategy answer:  To follow the rules that were outlined in the instructions, 9:00 or later, go to the office! 

Code for particpant:  ijt204ql 
 Strategy answer:  I was hoping we'd both go to the canteen if we got there before 9. Apparently, I was wrong and/or misjudged my partner's arrival time. Thank you. I learned something. 

Code for particpant:  p36fkpsr 
 Strategy answer:  I thougt I was making the logical move but had a bad first move and could never recover 

Code for particpant:  6ptu5ujp 
 Strategy answer:  Just looking at the time I arrived and then it seemed that "quite certain" didn't take as much money away so I used that. 

Code for particpant:  ssukcuow 
 Strategy answer:  Used the arrival time to best guess as to where my partner would go: Canteen or Office. 

Code for particpant:  zxwcupoy 
 Strategy answer:  i used my time, since i didnt know what time my coworker got there I was forced to guess with some degree of uncertainty 

Code for particpant:  xzrmssrm 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to gauge how much time I had left before I had to be at work 

Code for particpant:  8av102tv 
 Strategy answer:  I made my decision based on what normal human activities on a normal day routine. 

Code for particpant:  ng16pmvq 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't have any particular strategy. 

Code for particpant:  8dwzmgzu 
 Strategy answer:  I gauge my decision by the time of arrival 

Code for particpant:  qwj757qw 
 Strategy answer:  choose depending on whether it's closer to 8am or 9am. very certain if the time is close to 9am or 8am. somewhat certain if it's more in between 

Code for particpant:  l5u5zryb 
 Strategy answer:  I just paid attention to the arrival times and selected the best choice. 

Code for particpant:  69gdn8g3 
 Strategy answer:  I went for the canteen if there was enough time, like 10 minutes or more. 

Code for particpant:  59x5xa54 
 Strategy answer:  ijust made my best judgements 

Code for particpant:  i62ymkgs 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to anticipate what my partner would do, however it also seemed like there was an obvious choice if I arrived at any time before 8:50 so I would know that we both had time to go to the canteen (the best option bonus wise) 

Code for particpant:  7ij5rn3g 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to minimize my penalty. But it was hopeless. 

Code for particpant:  bc1tgfam 
 Strategy answer:  The time was the biggest factor and to commit to my choice. 

Code for particpant:  h0hhbuah 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to match their place. 

Code for particpant:  49gyfrvj 
 Strategy answer:  I used the rules of the game, to go to the canteen before 9 am and go straight to work at 9 or after. 

Code for particpant:  qs7afbz6 
 Strategy answer:  I based my choices only on the times that I arrived. 

Code for particpant:  dzc9zfoq 
 Strategy answer:  tried to get most $ 

Code for particpant:  zh74wr23 
 Strategy answer:  I based it off the must be in office at 9 am and if there was not enough time I went straight to the office. 

Code for particpant:  w73mxa5y 
 Strategy answer:  trying to look at the times and figure out what the other player would pick 

Code for particpant:  3ukm8x0z 
 Strategy answer:  I realized when my partner had to be at the canteen and chose that option according. I opted to play less risky when this was unknown. 

Code for particpant:  34lhog0q 
 Strategy answer:  I thought about what 10 minutes after was and made a choice about what I thought they did based on that, and also thought about what 10 minutes after those 10 minutes was (but that played a smaller role). 

Code for particpant:  cub26yjx 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to utilize the strategy where I minimized my risk as much as possible - and it seemed as if going to the canteen was the lower risk option. 

Code for particpant:  k862nt7o 
 Strategy answer:  Followed the directions. 

Code for particpant:  kz0fq7vo 
 Strategy answer:  Any time before 8:50 always canteen. 8:50 I would flip a coin. 

Code for particpant:  dxxowtvt 
 Strategy answer:  be very certain in your answer to avoid penalties 

Code for particpant:  xluksgfa 
 Strategy answer:  I made a mistake when entering my choice that caused me to lose the big amount.  I tried to choose by how close to 9:00 it actually was. 

Code for particpant:  il1xawrg 
 Strategy answer:  The amount of time it would take to relax before work for coffee.  Some choices are made by feeling what the other person would do in real life. 

Code for particpant:  c2ma187r 
 Strategy answer:  If I was there within 10 minutes of 9:00, I went to the office, otherwise, canteen. 

Code for particpant:  qr2lpfdc 
 Strategy answer:  i guessed 

Code for particpant:  2rco018q 
 Strategy answer:  No strategy just common sense 

Code for particpant:  7re8t3ho 
 Strategy answer:  Just tried to follow what the other person did. 

Code for particpant:  p3i41to6 
 Strategy answer:  Try to learn from the other player 

Code for particpant:  v7l0u2at 
 Strategy answer:  I just followed your instructions and tried to minimize losses, I didn't realize the other player was going to screw everything up 

Code for particpant:  wofv79k5 
 Strategy answer:  I always went to the canteen as long as I could get there by 9am 

Code for particpant:  dyt6yndo 
 Strategy answer:  Went to the canteen if it was within 10:00 of needing to get to the office at 9:00. The earlier, the more certain. 

Code for particpant:  emo33rbq 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time and knew that they would probably go to the canteen since they did with the time at the beginning was 9 am. 

Code for particpant:  atuiz1w0 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to lose the least amount! 

Code for particpant:  67bjf31m 
 Strategy answer:  I used the time arrived 

Code for particpant:  ia8tm48j 
 Strategy answer:  If my arrival time was far before 9 AM, I went to the canteen. If it was 8:50 or later, I went to the office because my colleague could have arrived even later, leaving us no time to gather in the canteen before work. 

Code for particpant:  jdjcsc8j 
 Strategy answer:  I would chose canteen unless my time was 8:50 or higher and then I would choose the office. 

Code for particpant:  5pnhbr9k 
 Strategy answer:  How close to the 9:00 cutoff I arrived at work determined where I would go 

Code for particpant:  ynx7fzp0 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at what time I arrived and decided if we both had time to go to the canteen before the office. 

Code for particpant:  dwhft0e2 
 Strategy answer:  If I got to the office before 8:30 I chose to go to the canteen if it was 9:00 or later I always chose the office. 

Code for particpant:  gob981i0 
 Strategy answer:  If I was there early or not 

Code for particpant:  0adnt5vx 
 Strategy answer:  no strategy. 

Code for particpant:  oibta6q8 
 Strategy answer:  Once I realized what my coworker was doing, I tried to copy them as much as I could throughout and just hoped they remained consistent. 

Code for particpant:  rcgylsin 
 Strategy answer:  no strategy i feel and guess 

Code for particpant:  1b1mkpvc 
 Strategy answer:  im follow your instruction only . that only it can be possible 

Code for particpant:  dbijh7r8 
 Strategy answer:  well if my partner was 50% chance of arriving at 9 am the first round i thought be smart to go office. the second time i arrived at 9 so i knew to go to the office, my partner sucked . 

Code for particpant:  ykzg0h12 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to imagine myself as my co-worker 

Code for particpant:  m71n4fog 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to use my best judgment about whether to go to the canteen or directly to the office. 

Code for particpant:  ya13nba6 
 Strategy answer:  I tried going to the canteen at 9:00 or earlier. 

Code for particpant:  n8gx8a30 
 Strategy answer:  I had no idea, it seemed like my partner was just trying to go against me.  I did what I wanted without worry of the bonus 

Code for particpant:  51s7w8wy 
 Strategy answer:  If I knew that my colleague was going to get to the office before 9 am I chose canteen and then very certain. I chose this because there was no reason for them to go straight to the office. I guessed what they would do when there was a chance they wouldn't have time to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  pqaz9r15 
 Strategy answer:  None 

Code for particpant:  nhiqpk31 
 Strategy answer:  If it was before 8:30 I was quite certain. After that it depended on time how certain I was. Anything after 9 was quite certainly not. 

Code for particpant:  qfcnousx 
 Strategy answer:  If my arrival time was 8:40 or earlier I went to the canteen, otherwise the office. 

Code for particpant:  o4wjbi3u 
 Strategy answer:  Just going by the time and what I thought the other person was doing. 

Code for particpant:  psj6uarn 
 Strategy answer:  I decided that 9 is the time to go to the office.  No one wants to go to the office earlier than that.  Seemed to work out. 

Code for particpant:  ur0d2rsq 
 Strategy answer:  pray.  the timers on this is ridiculous if you want us to really have time to carefully read and comprehend  how this affects our bonus.  Very disappointing 

Code for particpant:  2sbu46va 
 Strategy answer:  Normally, it was easy as the time could only be 10 minutes one way or the other. I gambled on that last one, thinking that my colleague would end up going to the office like they had in the very first trial. Big mistake.... 

Code for particpant:  f4vft98p 
 Strategy answer:  Time constraint 

Code for particpant:  2oubncde 
 Strategy answer:  just guess 

Code for particpant:  ebcjdxjc 
 Strategy answer:  I based it on the time I arrived, and assumed my colleague would go to the canteen if he got there no later than 8:50. 

Code for particpant:  nydnic6n 
 Strategy answer:  If it was not 9 am go to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  ll1z2w11 
 Strategy answer:  I don't know 

Code for particpant:  lnaczww1 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time at tried to guess what my colleague would do. I would always go to the canteen if I had time and gambled that my partner would too. 

Code for particpant:  iwbca9e4 
 Strategy answer:  No strategy, just intuition 

Code for particpant:  m7wxmw9h 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time to see if I had time to go to the canteen. If I did, I clicked canteen. 

Code for particpant:  6h83hl7i 
 Strategy answer:  none 

Code for particpant:  6szc9pqg 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to minimize the loss if my guess was wrong 

Code for particpant:  f0xhd8vd 
 Strategy answer:  more than 5 minutes 

Code for particpant:  x80qt3bo 
 Strategy answer:  Well, they seemed to arrive around the same time as me early on so I just went with that. I tried to be cautious but still guess as to what they would do and it seemed to work out well! 

Code for particpant:  nmi30zha 
 Strategy answer:  Just pretty much thought about what I would actually do in the situation. 

Code for particpant:  d71rjsvv 
 Strategy answer:  If I arrived ten minutes before 9:00 I went to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  zhxkn80p 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time and tried to guess. 

Code for particpant:  ogrqiryj 
 Strategy answer:  I chose the canteen if we both had time to go there. I should have thought more about what time my colleague might have seen and what they thought my time could have been. 

Code for particpant:  ww83frsg 
 Strategy answer:  I did what I thought was best with my time, but this sucked as I lost all my bonus money. 

Code for particpant:  c9rip4xk 
 Strategy answer:  I pretty much went to the canteen every time if I had the time, if it was before 9.  That worked out pretty well in the beginning, but towards the end we started differing and I imagine that was because we were given arrival times where one was before 9 and the other was after. 

Code for particpant:  25m7rq9e 
 Strategy answer:  I paid attention to the time and mostly picked going to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  je6r50f4 
 Strategy answer:  I based my answers off the penalty amounts and what someone would actually do based on the times that we could have arrived at the office. 

Code for particpant:  khshj9tq 
 Strategy answer:  I followed the suggestion that we both arrive sometime between 8-8:50 am. My partner did the same. 

Code for particpant:  st5rf5e9 
 Strategy answer:  by using which time i arrive and if its before or after 9 am 

Code for particpant:  4rurudbe 
 Strategy answer:  Depending on my time, I made a guess as to what my partner would do and planned my certainty around that. 

Code for particpant:  wc8vd6gz 
 Strategy answer:  It was mostly just guessing 

Code for particpant:  wp6sc2uq 
 Strategy answer:  I based my strategy on what time I arrived and whether it left enough time for my partner to arrive in time to go to the canteen, but I got too confident and made a huge mistake in choosing "very certain" when I should have chosen "somewhat certain" 

Code for particpant:  yw17odoi 
 Strategy answer:  If the time I was shown would have made it to where the other participant could have possibly arrived at 9 or later, I chose to go to the office, otherwise, I went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  ktscn1iu 
 Strategy answer:  gut feelings 

Code for particpant:  ney0o7xq 
 Strategy answer:  Using time 

Code for particpant:  7w2liktj 
 Strategy answer:  I just looked at times and if they had enough time to go to the canteen, I put that.. 

Code for particpant:  7z14cdsh 
 Strategy answer:  I was going by the time we had and I guess that was not how I should have interpreted it. 

Code for particpant:  t6psb86a 
 Strategy answer:  If I was early, I went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  rg80ugzg 
 Strategy answer:  none 

Code for particpant:  eewujism 
 Strategy answer:  I started by choosing the office if my co-worker or I was going to be at the office at 9 or later. Unfortunately the other person did not think this way. 

Code for particpant:  2nwnz3md 
 Strategy answer:  I choose to go to the canteen if there was enough time to do so, office if there wasn't. 

Code for particpant:  ggfqv7bz 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen if it was at possible and hoped my partner would do the same. 

Code for particpant:  lcz5z8ee 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to match what I thought the other person would do. 

Code for particpant:  6kxm6ytz 
 Strategy answer:  If my time was too close to 9am (eg. 8:50) it was too big a risk to select canteen in case my colleague arrived 10 minutes after me, not 10 minutes before. I erred on the side of caution. 

Code for particpant:  pjzlumyi 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at what time it was and decided if I had time to go to the canteen and then I would go. I assumed my colleague and I were on the same schedule. 

Code for particpant:  h7t17dtm 
 Strategy answer:  I thought we would always go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  x7vadgn6 
 Strategy answer:  Logic of timing. Sadly my partner didn't read very well 

Code for particpant:  yw9vg46o 
 Strategy answer:  just trying to do what made more sense 

Code for particpant:  ag77n4i9 
 Strategy answer:  if was before nine, or right at nine, i went to the canteen, but my partner chose to go to the office at nine, which destroyed my bonus, so I chose to make the worst decisions after that in order to ruin my  partner's bonus, becasue he made a really stupid decision, and I want to push him. 

Code for particpant:  pnk8a7nr 
 Strategy answer:  I added and subtracted 10 minutes to predict when other person would arrive. I then guessed whether they would go to canteen or office. 

Code for particpant:  44ljy7p9 
 Strategy answer:  Well it was easy obviously up to the end. And then me seeing 8:40 and not knowing the other person saw 8:50 and thought I may arrive at 9 threw me off. Very disappointing but I'm guessing that is what happens most of the time. And that is the reason for the specific numbers. 

Code for particpant:  we36kucp 
 Strategy answer:  I know I had +/- 10 mins to my time, as long as the other player fell within that I should have been good. I forgot to account for the fact that if they're at 8:50, they may be concerned I'm at 9 

Code for particpant:  pvnld8iv 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time and if it was toward the missile I when to the canteen, if it was close to the cut off I went to work. 

Code for particpant:  re6f27ay 
 Strategy answer:  I always went to the canteen unless there was a possibility that my partner wouldn't make it in time. 

Code for particpant:  r7zy6z2z 
 Strategy answer:  There was always plenty of time to go to the canteen when I arrived before 9, so those decisions were easy. I generally stuck to the "somewhat certain" option just to avoid any of the big penalties. 

Code for particpant:  73y1hre2 
 Strategy answer:  I tried guessing what my colleague would do based on their arrival time and mine. 

Code for particpant:  sdsp2y2w 
 Strategy answer:  Unfortunately I lost all ability to use strategy because my partner made the huge mistake of going straight to the office at 8:00 am rather than the canteen. This caused me to lose my entire bonus minus a handful of change. It was exceptionally painful to start the game that way. I couldn't recover my losses. I do not think they understood the instructions as it was far too early of an arrival to not consider going to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  1chd5q1d 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to figure out what was the latest time my colleague would arrive 

Code for particpant:  i0spzx8u 
 Strategy answer:  trying to put myself in my colleague's place 

Code for particpant:  7zdj5co8 
 Strategy answer:  I did what made the most sense - I guess I should not have been so certain... 

Code for particpant:  f6yd04xx 
 Strategy answer:  Just tried my best guess and using my intuition. 

Code for particpant:  geqiqqix 
 Strategy answer:  None just that is was likely that Monday I would go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  pbxp59v0 
 Strategy answer:  I based it on times. 

Code for particpant:  xijzw1eb 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to see how much time I had in relation to 9:00am. For example, if I got to the office at 8:00am, I was very certain that I would want to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  4862547n 
 Strategy answer:  I always chose very certain. And if I had enough time before work, I went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  03ywmfkf 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to predict what my co-worker would do and what I would do depending on my arrival times. 

Code for particpant:  9g2pubq1 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to assume that the other player would go straight to the office at 9am but he didn't and I lost out big time.  He mostly went to the canteen even at 9am. 

Code for particpant:  wn9s9v0p 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to assume that worst case is that my partner would be on the later side of the arrival window, and judge the time from there. So, the closer to 9, the more likely I was to chose go to the office rather than the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  qy0j7v56 
 Strategy answer:  I played the same guess each time, assuming my partner would do the same. I was wrong. 

Code for particpant:  mxqjs4rq 
 Strategy answer:  If i got there late i thought my partner was more likely to go to the office. if i got there early i thought he was more likely to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  7yud44ga 
 Strategy answer:  Just the arrival times and paying attention to previous results. 

Code for particpant:  c15pzk9y 
 Strategy answer:  I'm not sure. Maybe I just got really unlucky. Just tried to judge when we'd do the same thing together. 

Code for particpant:  uax5twg3 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time to see if we'd have time before work started and assumed my colleague would do the same. 

Code for particpant:  uvh4vh63 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go the way that would have the least amount of penalty 

Code for particpant:  gc8qhp6c 
 Strategy answer:  Just guessing on likelyhood taking timing into the equation. 

Code for particpant:  6crc3ary 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess what someone would 10 minutes earlier or later. 

Code for particpant:  wcdgln7c 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think of the other guy arriving 10 minutes later than I did and choose accordingly. 

Code for particpant:  4ivhvtuz 
 Strategy answer:  At 1st confusing. Answered according to instructions when I finally understood. 

Code for particpant:  icy24198 
 Strategy answer:  Remembering the rules before 9 the canteen, after 9 the office 

Code for particpant:  3ijv65yr 
 Strategy answer:  none 

Code for particpant:  se4l751o 
 Strategy answer:  I'd personally bode on the side of caution and got to the office if I had an arrival of 8:40 or greater, but that didn't seem to work out too well. 

Code for particpant:  fxlp9x7b 
 Strategy answer:  If it was 9 or after i did not go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  s3ehmcf7 
 Strategy answer:  I based my choices off of the time I arrived and hoped for the best. 

Code for particpant:  ttz3pttm 
 Strategy answer:  No strategy. 

Code for particpant:  dq3d3fcl 
 Strategy answer:  I thought that my partner would continue picking canteen.  There's no reason my partner switched - and that screwed me over. 

Code for particpant:  u0ghzbke 
 Strategy answer:  just every other one.  very certain 

Code for particpant:  wym7vfdh 
 Strategy answer:  just going by the time I arrived 

Code for particpant:  nqar7qp2 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to select an option if there was enough time for me to go the canteen with a 10 minute window. 

Code for particpant:  ku7xe1iw 
 Strategy answer:  To match. 

Code for particpant:  bkrhvtt2 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think about what my partner would get based on my time. If it was > 9:00 am was +-10 mins apart from mine then I chose office, although I wasn't quite certain. Thinking back I should have chosen that I was certain they'll go to the office, since they were probably thinking of my possible time as well and wouldn't have risked it. 

Code for particpant:  x6g76nlr 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to pick the most logical choice based on what time of morning it was. 

Code for particpant:  ke3njcv1 
 Strategy answer:  just 50/50 toss up. 

Code for particpant:  cvw86cin 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think what would happen. 

Code for particpant:  wgkmqe90 
 Strategy answer:  I added 10 minutes to my own time and assumed if it was before 9 that he would go to the canteen, otherwise he would go to the office 

Code for particpant:  bkozno18 
 Strategy answer:  I thought arriving at 9am meant I could be very certain, but I was wrong. That did not go well. 

Code for particpant:  998azgkc 
 Strategy answer:  I stuck to the schedule and decided based on what was common sense. Apparently my partner thinks otherwise! 

Code for particpant:  4mryd5wk 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess whether or not my partner would go to the same place as me, and to aim for as high a certainty as I was willing to risk. Unfortunately, that did not work well in one of the rounds, and that lost me a lot of money. 

Code for particpant:  utka66cf 
 Strategy answer:  I went by the times given, but apparently my counterpart didn't feel the same way. 

Code for particpant:  sospyu8c 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess the opposite of what my colleague did 

Code for particpant:  8sr8twr2 
 Strategy answer:  I considered the arrival time and chose my honest responses. Didn't go well. 

Code for particpant:  0h60ipic 
 Strategy answer:  If I arrived before 8:40 I went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  05ck5o4z 
 Strategy answer:  Try to minimize loss as much as possible while prediction what other person would do 

Code for particpant:  81tei2df 
 Strategy answer:  time 

Code for particpant:  adgyyr0y 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to figure out what my colleague would do. 

Code for particpant:  ydojazbi 
 Strategy answer:  I was thinking how much time I would realistically have to go to the canteen, meet my coworker, and the make it to work on time. 

Code for particpant:  kut07i67 
 Strategy answer:  tried to figure out what the other person was doing 

Code for particpant:  bn3y4xlh 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen whenever my time in said 8:40 or before. If I arrived at 8:50 or 9:00 I went with my gut. 

Code for particpant:  z12uhcgh 
 Strategy answer:  I just assumed my partner would make it to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  gkfbg0o4 
 Strategy answer:  Trying to see what time it was left 

Code for particpant:  i57usivz 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to calculate if the person would have time to go to the canteen or not 

Code for particpant:  6b9olvtt 
 Strategy answer:  if it was 8:50 or later I went to the office 

Code for particpant:  bdg7wp6h 
 Strategy answer:  If both possible times were before 9am I went to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  nglis71i 
 Strategy answer:  If my time arrival time was 8:50 a.m. or later, I would choose canteen. If it was 9:00 a.m. I would choose office. 

Code for particpant:  55e4n5z6 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to do my best to understand what the other participant was going to do. It appeared that we somehow understood each other and always chose the canteen (after the first misstep). Therefore, since we were on the same page every trial, I kept selecting canteen. 

Code for particpant:  dnycul0s 
 Strategy answer:  I should have just chose to go to the canteen each time I guess. 

Code for particpant:  a53tgbkj 
 Strategy answer:  solely based on arrival times before 9AM 

Code for particpant:  slwwhw7j 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to go to work at 8am 

Code for particpant:  n8a6jacd 
 Strategy answer:  assumed partner would want to win not be late and follow the rules if we have time stop for coffee otherwise go to office 

Code for particpant:  yawqencu 
 Strategy answer:  common sense based on business practices 

Code for particpant:  a2cinhgw 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to estimate the times that we would likely both arrive at and make my decision about where to go from there. 

Code for particpant:  2i1xpe8f 
 Strategy answer:  I focused on the time it was and whether I felt certain on the game.  I messed up at the end when I didn't realize my colleague could have arrived at 9 and needed to go straight to the office. 

Code for particpant:  h19o1t47 
 Strategy answer:  Trying my best to determine which times were best and most convenient. 

Code for particpant:  3bzgh6vt 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to determine if we would have time to go to the canteen. If not, we would go to the office. 

Code for particpant:  mwtvlkkh 
 Strategy answer:  I simply tried to guess their move in relation to mine 

Code for particpant:  g51lrfic 
 Strategy answer:  using the time i got there to guess how much time i would have to reach my collegue i also tried to guess if they got there before or after me. 

Code for particpant:  86kpgbq4 
 Strategy answer:  Always go to the canteen. I worked really well with my partner! 

Code for particpant:  1bxr6knf 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to minimize the penalty under the assumption the other participant would think similarly. 

Code for particpant:  3ijgqp0z 
 Strategy answer:  I don't have any strategy that was too much penalty for one round. 

Code for particpant:  tiy0wqki 
 Strategy answer:  Attempt to predict the other person. 

Code for particpant:  juc5jxnz 
 Strategy answer:  I went with what I thought the other person would do. 

Code for particpant:  8bo89p9h 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to anticipate what my teammate would do. 

Code for particpant:  vlxv9qwc 
 Strategy answer:  I used my intuition for each of my answers 

Code for particpant:  b53q704u 
 Strategy answer:  I based my decisions of how close to 6am the time was. 

Code for particpant:  vk9pux63 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't have one. I should have taken my partner's past behavior into account when making decisions, but I didn't. 

Code for particpant:  cq7016s1 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at how close we arrived at the office (since my coworker was supposed to be there within 10 minutes of me). Very sad. Thanks. 

Code for particpant:  0o9wtzam 
 Strategy answer:  try to pick what I think they'd pick, and guess high certainty if I had it 

Code for particpant:  jbvsqq7n 
 Strategy answer:  Trying to decide wether other players arrived at a time or not. 

Code for particpant:  iv449lpy 
 Strategy answer:  Stick with one location. 

Code for particpant:  sj4ch47i 
 Strategy answer:  Just used my gut feeling 

Code for particpant:  ye91u6us 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen most times to maximize my profit 

Code for particpant:  89ntkgxy 
 Strategy answer:  I mostly went with what I thought my coworker would logically do based on the time 

Code for particpant:  1tap1649 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to use my gut feeling and hopefully I made the right decision. 

Code for particpant:  08w4erzj 
 Strategy answer:  Depending on my arrival time, I chose the answer. Since I wasn't sure what my colleague's time was, I just hoped! 

Code for particpant:  c3xyp1wp 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to be consistent in my choices, so that my partner could see what I tended to choose and it would be easier for us to work together/make the same choice. 

Code for particpant:  yxyxg7oy 
 Strategy answer:  went with my gut 

Code for particpant:  cbut8uv1 
 Strategy answer:  I did not have a specific strategy. 

Code for particpant:  fo654cg5 
 Strategy answer:  tried to use the time as a basis for my decision. 

Code for particpant:  r89p5h73 
 Strategy answer:  If it was 8:50 or earlier I figured my partner would go to the canteen as well 

Code for particpant:  7g90hqqq 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the canteen if there was enough time.   I was expecting for my co-worker to be there as well. 

Code for particpant:  ilma6kw6 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to teach the other person to say canteen every time 

Code for particpant:  j6txtrdl 
 Strategy answer:  If I was able to go to the canteen I went every time and hoped they would do the same. 

Code for particpant:  mssmkuiv 
 Strategy answer:  Anytime that was 10 minutes before 9:00 left choosing to go to the canteen. If it was less than 10 minutes before 9:00 or after 9:00, I chose to go to work. 

Code for particpant:  2j9247xv 
 Strategy answer:  I chose to go to the office if I arrived anytime at or after 8:50 and was very certain of all my choices. Thank you! 

Code for particpant:  hzwawlx0 
 Strategy answer:  Very little was needed, or so I thought. First round, it was already past 9:00, so it seemed a no-brainer, but that was not the case. Second round it was early enough to likewise seem to be a no-brainer, but alas. So my strategy sucked. 

Code for particpant:  vgpksvfh 
 Strategy answer:  carefully listen the instruction. nice this survey. 

Code for particpant:  j7iwcc01 
 Strategy answer:  Based on my own judgments. 

Code for particpant:  uj7neak7 
 Strategy answer:  My strategy was just starting. But i lost! 

Code for particpant:  vqss1y40 
 Strategy answer:  GOOD 

Code for particpant:  2uo5kliw 
 Strategy answer:  none; mostly choose canteen based on time 

Code for particpant:  ghchahcw 
 Strategy answer:  I  figured if it were well before my 9am starting time, that I would go to the canteen. Obviously my colleague didn't have the same plan. 

Code for particpant:  8r6mrcs1 
 Strategy answer:  my attitude 

Code for particpant:  85iu5rwm 
 Strategy answer:  I picked to go to the canteen if I arrived before 8:50, thinking my partner would do the same. 

Code for particpant:  52szvwqb 
 Strategy answer:  How close to the nine o clock hour I was 

Code for particpant:  g2jz5o38 
 Strategy answer:  I used to play Real-time strategy games which focused on realism. 

Code for particpant:  lhuwbuaw 
 Strategy answer:  I figured I would hedge that they would go to the canteen a majority of the time to minimize losses. 

Code for particpant:  8cgq1dum 
 Strategy answer:  I just guessed the first time and then tried to adjust my choices according to what the other person chose. 

Code for particpant:  h29btfwl 
 Strategy answer:  I was assuming that the other player would go to the canteen every time. 

Code for particpant:  izlg08c2 
 Strategy answer:  very interesting 

Code for particpant:  8bbsai6r 
 Strategy answer:  my best guess 

Code for particpant:  7n3b3saa 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to maximize my bonus and thought my coworker would always got o the canteen 

Code for particpant:  wkomdujh 
 Strategy answer:  I always went to the canteen if it was before 8:50AM, because I knew my colleague only arrived ten minutes before or after me. 

Code for particpant:  lppeo071 
 Strategy answer:  If I was arriving after 9 I guessed office. 

Code for particpant:  g3nl4otm 
 Strategy answer:  canteen 

Code for particpant:  vsv64z3b 
 Strategy answer:  Go to the canteen before 9 am and the office after. 

Code for particpant:  ck8uh8gk 
 Strategy answer:  No strategy 

Code for particpant:  zrd2mggz 
 Strategy answer:  I used the strategy of time. If my collegue came about 10 imutes after me and I was there at 8.50 then I choose to go to work instead. But if there was a big gap, i.e if I arrive to office at 8.20 or 8.30 then there is a chance that my collegue will be in too so we go to the canteen. Thats how I made my decisions. 

Code for particpant:  k7gs5u39 
 Strategy answer:  set myself up to get screwed 

Code for particpant:  txrcb92g 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to help out participant buy going to the office, but he kept choosing canteen and losing all his bonus. Not sure why he kept choosing this. 

Code for particpant:  z690s7p1 
 Strategy answer:  I just went to the canteena if the time was before 9:00 

Code for particpant:  8dwiadvy 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the Canteen when I thought we had time, because I arrived at 8am. I figured, my colleague would arrive soon after, so I took a chance that they would go to the canteen, unfortunately, they did not and that is the risk I took and I didn't understand that I was playing the game at first, I thought that I was doing a practice round. 

Code for particpant:  4ynog17a 
 Strategy answer:  gut feeling mostly 

Code for particpant:  zymcitnf 
 Strategy answer:  I typically went to the office only if I arrive at 9:00 am or later. I otherwise went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  re0od6mr 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at my time and if it was sufficiently early then I guessed my partner would make it as well. If it was too close to 9:00 then I guessed he or she would give up waiting if they were already there. 

Code for particpant:  nocxuujm 
 Strategy answer:  I hoped that the person would do the same thing over and over again the same as I did so they wouldnt fuck me and themselves, but they did. 

Code for particpant:  ve535lnz 
 Strategy answer:  i looked at the time and what i thought my participant would do 

Code for particpant:  whp5tdfy 
 Strategy answer:  I based it on the times and the probability that they would do the same thing. 

Code for particpant:  3nhw7d3j 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to guess where my teammate would go based on the time 

Code for particpant:  p0ylf4ni 
 Strategy answer:  Determine if there was enough time to go to the canteen, I assumed the other person was like me and would make choices that I would make. 

Code for particpant:  19gllpb0 
 Strategy answer:  I thought we had a thing of going to the canteen together. 

Code for particpant:  prtacqyq 
 Strategy answer:  I was trying to play accordng to the rules, that were mentioned at the beginning of he game. I was trying to go off that. I guess it didn't work, because I didn't get a bonus. 

Code for particpant:  c8rq1wt1 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to anticipate what might happen. 

Code for particpant:  j8ui25bk 
 Strategy answer:  if arrival within 10 minutes of 9:00 or later, I chose office 

Code for particpant:  oocgwz7u 
 Strategy answer:  I chose the same place...it's like playing at roulette choosing the same color. 

Code for particpant:  d4jxu0mv 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at past chooses and made my best guess to not loose as much money. 

Code for particpant:  yvc9lw13 
 Strategy answer:  I had no particular strategy, I only tried to think how I would act if I was my colleague. 

Code for particpant:  1rm09ywf 
 Strategy answer:  if my arrival time was 8:40 or more than definitely coffee time, if 9 or later then definitely office.  At 8:50 it was a 50/50 shot either way but I picked office. 

Code for particpant:  df6guhl2 
 Strategy answer:  Looking at the time and trying to gauge how much time I had left before 9 AM. 

Code for particpant:  4gg7gacn 
 Strategy answer:  Most of the time it was obvious which option to choose.  If it wasn't, I just went with my gut. 

Code for particpant:  oug54hl3 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time and if it was reasonable before 9 am, I'd pick the canteen 

Code for particpant:  qyhem8ob 
 Strategy answer:  I used common sense. I guess my partner didn't. 

Code for particpant:  dbs99v7d 
 Strategy answer:  Just watched the time and my partner. 

Code for particpant:  6f3cyx4s 
 Strategy answer:  Looking at time of arrival, and to see if they had enough time to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  y62mmhca 
 Strategy answer:  Common sense 

Code for particpant:  04jm1wxv 
 Strategy answer:  based on time available with me after i arrived at office i choose to go for canteen if i had a good time to go. 

Code for particpant:  w1m1h59z 
 Strategy answer:  I was going to the canteen until 9am. My partner had other ideas. 

Code for particpant:  j7iqae18 
 Strategy answer:  Check the possible range.  If there was no chance of 9am then 100% certain. 

Code for particpant:  wjc0uu6m 
 Strategy answer:  When I arrived within at least 20 minutes (8:40 AM) or more of hitting 9:00 AM, I immediately decided to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  y0mvtm9h 
 Strategy answer:  GOOD 

Code for particpant:  8etjnn9a 
 Strategy answer:  I followed what the structure said, however didn't do as well as I wished. 

Code for particpant:  00bx5ans 
 Strategy answer:  normal strategy 

Code for particpant:  ucvlvs17 
 Strategy answer:  looking at the time for each day my partner and I arrives at work. 

Code for particpant:  wsplaio5 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to think forward. 

Code for particpant:  7bsxy4cz 
 Strategy answer:  THE GAME IS VERY INTERESTED. 

Code for particpant:  x1gjclzz 
 Strategy answer:  None, that's why I did so poorly. 

Code for particpant:  p1suy9mh 
 Strategy answer:  Whether or not the time i got in would allow for enough time to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  g50ezvlw 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the canteen when I was sure we both had enough time before 9:00AM and to the office when it was too close to 9 

Code for particpant:  u0i326sb 
 Strategy answer:  I thought that if I arrived at 9:10 or later I'd simply go to the office, since my partner would at the earliest have to head to the office as well. If I arrived 9:00 I'd go to the office and hope that odds favored my partner and their time also indicated the same (taking a chance). If I arrived at 8:50, I'd go to the canteen and hope their time indicated that as well. And any times prior to 8:50 I'd simply go to the canteen since there would be time. 

Code for particpant:  wgyig4f0 
 Strategy answer:  Canteen if it was before 9am and the other option if it was at 9am or after 

Code for particpant:  g2mux858 
 Strategy answer:  I chose to go to the canteen each round. 

Code for particpant:  5o9a9hie 
 Strategy answer:  When it was really early, I was super confident. When I got the 9am question wrong the first time, I tried to think about it a bit differently the next time. 

Code for particpant:  c8m3axjl 
 Strategy answer:  What made the most sense. Seeing as is was 9am why would he go to the canteen lol. 

Code for particpant:  w1pc7u5h 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to figure out what the other person was going to do, and it seemed like they would go to the canteen no matter what. On the last one I honestly misread the time as 8:10 and didn't realize it was 9:10 until I had clicked ahead, so obviously that decision did not fit the strategy. I would have clicked office for that round had I realized what it said, and then continued on clicking canteen, since it is clearly what the other person favored. 

Code for particpant:  mvsardqq 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess where they would go.  In some cases this was a 50/50 chance. 

Code for particpant:  hd0rcb3q 
 Strategy answer:  If there was >20 minutes available I went to the canteen because even if my colleague was 10 minutes later that still left enough time for us to grab coffee and chat. Clearly wasn't a good strategy though :( 

Code for particpant:  amgvk72s 
 Strategy answer:  go where my time stated I should and try not to be too certain 

Code for particpant:  xyf4enev 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to estimate what my colleague would do. 

Code for particpant:  dmts49be 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to imagine if I arrived early enough to make going to the canteen worth while. I also tried to think what my partner would do if they arrived at the same time. 

Code for particpant:  hyvrviev 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to make the best decisions. 

Code for particpant:  kn3v2131 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to minimize losses 

Code for particpant:  u1padhlw 
 Strategy answer:  What I thought the rules were 

Code for particpant:  6tjgg7rv 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to conclude the outcome based on the rules but clearly, I failed to get any bonus... 

Code for particpant:  7a0vdqnv 
 Strategy answer:  I thought we were both going to click the same option every time. My strategy was not correct. 

Code for particpant:  dd72akat 
 Strategy answer:  I was guessing depending on the time. 

Code for particpant:  l6su0jom 
 Strategy answer:  I attempted to be very certain in my guesses. 

Code for particpant:  1xnlzrba 
 Strategy answer:  I assumed my colleague had read the instructions and knew that we should both go to the canteen if we'd be there before 9, and both go to the office if we wouldn't. 

Code for particpant:  sf1z6ua3 
 Strategy answer:  I just went with the best option to maximize my reward. I screwed up round 1, but I figured out how to easily make sure I do not lose much money. Always bet on canteen and always bet on very certain. 

Code for particpant:  ue4ne14f 
 Strategy answer:  None. 

Code for particpant:  nvloylqp 
 Strategy answer:  If it was before 8:50, it was guaranteed to go to the canteen because it would always be before 9AM for them. The only sketchy choices were at 8:50 exactly because then I had to worry if they had 9AM or not. 

Code for particpant:  f6rbfku9 
 Strategy answer:  My colleague seemed very consistent so I got more confident as time went on. 

Code for particpant:  kg3r6f8z 
 Strategy answer:  most the choices required no thought and were a sure choice. on the uncertain ones i guess and tried to play off them 

Code for particpant:  hkawbjnc 
 Strategy answer:  If it was under 9:00 a.m. I chose to go to the canteen, but if it was 9:00 a.m. or later I chose to go to the office. 

Code for particpant:  0yagumfb 
 Strategy answer:  If the ti.e is more than 10 minutes earlier than the office time, will go to canteen instead of office. 

Code for particpant:  nrj1295k 
 Strategy answer:  I figured if I was really early I would go to the canteen for sure, if not them I might go to the office instead. I didn't know what the other would do so just let it happen. 

Code for particpant:  74f9olwv 
 Strategy answer:  I figured my colleague would continue to want to go to the canteen before work since it looked like less options to lose money so I made that choice each time. 

Code for particpant:  xhaupj0m 
 Strategy answer:  I just guessed based off the time I was given, though honestly this game was largely up to luck so any strategy seems kind of pointless. You'll be minimizing losses until you eventually just lose it all. 

Code for particpant:  d8yt99y2 
 Strategy answer:  I was trying to guess if my colleague has arrived 10 minutes before of after me, because if they had arrived 10 minutes before me it would make sense for us to go to the canteen and if they had arrived 10 minutes after me there wouldn't be time to go the canteen and we'd have to go straight to the office. 

Code for particpant:  sfqkhwlw 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen if I was there before 9. 

Code for particpant:  v8bkfaxh 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to learn from experience what my colleague would do next. 

Code for particpant:  41gy60gi 
 Strategy answer:  I chose the canteen if I arrived by 8:50, if I arrived by 9:00 I chose the office. 

Code for particpant:  5btfzczs 
 Strategy answer:  Just answered honestly and tried to guess the certainty as best I could. 

Code for particpant:  adif225h 
 Strategy answer:  The farther from 9 the more certain I was of canteen.  If it was 9 or later I was more certain of office. 

Code for particpant:  u9coub0i 
 Strategy answer:  No strategies . I just thought that if there is at least 10 min left before 9 then they can still go to the canteen. I was wrong. 

Code for particpant:  c1vh5kpq 
 Strategy answer:  I weighed out the amount of time I had. 

Code for particpant:  4we0tnuo 
 Strategy answer:  As I could not guess what my partner would do, I tried to focus on my arrival time 

Code for particpant:  0cu4az35 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen when it was before 9am, and the office at 9am or later. I mostly went with full certainty because I knew that would yield me the best result if I was right. And I had faith in my partner!     I also went with full uncertainty that one time. I accidentally clicked the wrong end of the scale the first time because the second item from the top said "quite certain" and with the timer going I quickly clicked the one above it assuming the scale was linear and it would be "very certain" at the top. But it turns out the "quite certain" was a mislable on the scale. I learned that when I intentionally selected it in a different round only to see the results of the round said I had selected "quite uncertain", which it definitely didn't say! The scale had a two "quite certains", one second from the top and one second from the bottom. Sorry for the tangent! I want sure if there'd be a place to comment about that later, so just thought I'd let you know here! 

Code for particpant:  53hpvsfi 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to figure out if we came to work at similar times. 

Code for particpant:  phv2ljz0 
 Strategy answer:  No real strategy.  A gut decision. 

Code for particpant:  ik7rr6b7 
 Strategy answer:  If there was enough time to go to the canteen I simply would 

Code for particpant:  8zvlvz1s 
 Strategy answer:  I estimated the times and if it was before a certain time I chose to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  1z9ltj28 
 Strategy answer:  this was a very interesting game and I made the decisions based on my feelings and to minimize the losses 

Code for particpant:  y48pt4qu 
 Strategy answer:  I assumed we would go to the canteen if I arrived before 8:50. Otherwise I figured we would need to get to work. 

Code for particpant:  fbbejm5y 
 Strategy answer:  TIME BUT DID NOT WORK 

Code for particpant:  z00obicb 
 Strategy answer:  I used the time I arrived, assuming traffic would be the same for the other person. 

Code for particpant:  b7ibh4vr 
 Strategy answer:  I worked on the assumption that my colleague would be at the canteen as long as I arrived at or around 8:30 AM. 

Code for particpant:  y0rmohek 
 Strategy answer:  Time analyzing to get better result. 

Code for particpant:  wrdepc49 
 Strategy answer:  I just followed the rules: if it said I had to go to the office once it was 9:00 AM and I saw that I had arrived at that time, then I went to the office.  Then, if I arrived before that time, I went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  wce7k264 
 Strategy answer:  I mostly used the 10 minutes difference to determine the time my teammate arrived work. If the time was below 8:40, I mostly assumed he will head to the canteen. The strategy failed me once anyway. 

Code for particpant:  2dfv25kx 
 Strategy answer:  picked answers according to arrival time 

Code for particpant:  0if6tqii 
 Strategy answer:  I just went with what I normally do in real life.  I stop at the canteen or store to get something before going to the office. 

Code for particpant:  twsw8szb 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think what my partner might be thinking, but to no avail. 

Code for particpant:  5h13c2g5 
 Strategy answer:  Trying to figure out what my partner would do 

Code for particpant:  4v6xumg6 
 Strategy answer:  I played based on the instructions, that if we would both arrive before nine we should go to the canteen. In both cases, we would have arrived with much more than enough time to get coffee, so either my "colleague" received different instructions or didn't understand what they were supposed to do. 

Code for particpant:  xx2oytb3 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to get the most money 

Code for particpant:  olfngqzn 
 Strategy answer:  I tired to follow the rules. 

Code for particpant:  85c9m9pc 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to guess what they would do, if it was too close to 9 I chose office. 

Code for particpant:  tf3pwy4n 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to estimate if I and the colleague had time to go to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  kkubyna9 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think logically, but that didn't work for me. 

Code for particpant:  d515kciq 
 Strategy answer:  none 

Code for particpant:  ll8wzh7o 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think about how much time before 9 AM there was and whether my partner would think that way, as well.  I only missed once, but I wasn't certain enough several times. 

Code for particpant:  4uaarvnc 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go by the 10 minute rule. I got hosed. 

Code for particpant:  bj0k9re8 
 Strategy answer:  I'd go to the canteen if I had time, and I just guessed if my partner had time or not. 

Code for particpant:  fdmziwi8 
 Strategy answer:  The instruction notes that stated if i arrived at 9:00 am or after i should be heading to the office. And if i arrived before 9 am - i should have time to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  stei32mv 
 Strategy answer:  guessed what they would do 

Code for particpant:  wjjhqcdv 
 Strategy answer:  if he could have arrived 20min befor 9 go to the canteena if not go to the office 

Code for particpant:  bpcmy2eb 
 Strategy answer:  i was hoping they would follow the instructions as close as possible 

Code for particpant:  6m2xaals 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't really have one 

Code for particpant:  d8c4hvmg 
 Strategy answer:  I just did what I would do and hoped for the best. 

Code for particpant:  9oyzjobk 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess what the other player would do. 

Code for particpant:  zn3hwlrt 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to use the most logical choice and my initial thoughts. 

Code for particpant:  scm6ei2g 
 Strategy answer:  I went with my gut. 

Code for particpant:  rr9wr07r 
 Strategy answer:  Looked at arrival time. 

Code for particpant:  xzs36fiy 
 Strategy answer:  Just radom really 

Code for particpant:  bamp67hw 
 Strategy answer:  I thought I would go with very certain, but that didn't work. 

Code for particpant:  h2e28rdf 
 Strategy answer:  none 

Code for particpant:  aclze4di 
 Strategy answer:  apparently the wrong one, since i lost all the bonus. I am not sure why both times the other player chose the canteen at 9:00 when the instructions clearly state that there was a penalty. My strategy was to calculate ten minutes before or after my arrival time to determine what the other player's potential arrival times were. I could mostly be completely certain except at 8:50, and it would have been fine except that my partner went to the canteen instead of the office. And the kicker, in the last round my arrival was at 9:10, I should have been completely certain we would both go to the office, but again, my partner went against the clearly stated rules and went to the canteen at 9:00. What a let down! Thank you! Fun game. 

Code for particpant:  5kpwo1uz 
 Strategy answer:  I mostly just chose to go to the canteen, unfortunately I didn't pay attention to my time of arrival in some occasions. 

Code for particpant:  ml2df45y 
 Strategy answer:  Read the directions.  My partner was an idiot.  Wish I could start over with someone else. 

Code for particpant:  h5w1mt2x 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to guess what the best option would be for each situation and what my partner might choose 

Code for particpant:  3d2cfilm 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to gauge what my colleague would do and never picked that I was very certain. If you were somewhat certain, you lost the least amount of money. 

Code for particpant:  84byufeh 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to follow the instructions and hoped my partner did as well. 

Code for particpant:  25xohiug 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to gain the most with the second choice 

Code for particpant:  dgymufna 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to anticipate what my colleague would do using my intuition. I followed the rules given as well. 

Code for particpant:  gdjtchdh 
 Strategy answer:  Hoped for the best 

Code for particpant:  59x1zz1z 
 Strategy answer:  At first I assumed my partner would always go to the canteen if they got there before 9, and always choose very certain. But they seemed to have an earlier criteria for whether to not to go to the canteen and I lost a lot of bonus by choosing very certain. So after that I still went to the canteen if I got there at 8:40 or before, but always choose "somewhat certain" to mitigate any losses. 

Code for particpant:  bubch2eg 
 Strategy answer:  I just used common sense based on the parameters of the situation. 

Code for particpant:  t6t95zgp 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to maximize how much I'd end up with. I wish my partner had done the same. 

Code for particpant:  xs7yw0zh 
 Strategy answer:  what time I arrived at work 

Code for particpant:  qa1txsi5 
 Strategy answer:  I made my decision as the information provided in  the instructions.  The earlier I arrived, the more certain I was that we both went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  78vjb7xo 
 Strategy answer:  If it was 8:40 or before I was very certain we would both go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  ty2ibilb 
 Strategy answer:  how close it was to 9am 

Code for particpant:  i4uuhpdy 
 Strategy answer:  None since you gave me one fucking minute to read a page of instructions. 

Code for particpant:  ed6v1hnm 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to pay attention to the times and what time we needed to be in the office.  Apparently my colleague didn't care about what time they got to the office. 

Code for particpant:  aw6n6eym 
 Strategy answer:  I try to go to the canteen whenever I thought I had enough time before starting work and I was hoping my colleague would do the same. 

Code for particpant:  wr17xlf5 
 Strategy answer:  Anytime that it was before 830, I went to the canteen for sure. Anytime after 840, I was uncertain.  850 though, I was certain about the office. 

Code for particpant:  irgkfpag 
 Strategy answer:  If there was enough buffer for us to both go to the canteen, I chose canteen and very certain. If either one of  us wouldn't be there before 8:50, I chose office. 

Code for particpant:  ero87ntr 
 Strategy answer:  I basically tried to minimize risk in the early round until I was certain enough that my partner in this game understood the criteria for going to the canteen or directly to the office. Once I was pretty sure they understood just as well as I did, I felt safe in being very certain or quite certain with my choices even though the penalties would be extreme if I were wrong in my assessment. 

Code for particpant:  vbufxup7 
 Strategy answer:  I read the directions and thought about time constraints. I also tried to put myself in the other players shoes and think about what choice they might make. After the first round I had a much clearer idea of what was expected and how things would transpire. 

Code for particpant:  5v0v2fnp 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to determine whether we both would be late for work if we went to the canteen depending on the time I arrived. 

Code for particpant:  so1zjmfk 
 Strategy answer:  It was easy to figure out until I got the 8:50 time. I chose to go to the canteen knowing that it was 50/50 whether they would have gotten there in time to go to the canteen or net. Because of that I said I was uncertain for that round trying to mitigate the loss if we did not choose the same action. 

Code for particpant:  2e4amtny 
 Strategy answer:  At 9am or later, go to the office, else canteen.  The only question was the certainty level at and around 9:00. 

Code for particpant:  9rc5j31y 
 Strategy answer:  try to keep penalty low 

Code for particpant:  xssuhmz8 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't, I was not sure what the other person was doing at all. 

Code for particpant:  k1zonq7w 
 Strategy answer:  If I got there relatively early (8:40am or before) I was fairly sure I should go to the canteen, but if I got there at 9am (or once even 9:10am) I was sure I should go right to the office. 

Code for particpant:  famh3nm1 
 Strategy answer:  If it were suppose to be ten till 9:00 am I would go to the office. At 9;00 am go to the office, anytime before that at the Canteen. 

Code for particpant:  lw5n4cu4 
 Strategy answer:  I went with what I felt the other person would do 

Code for particpant:  28sm36z8 
 Strategy answer:  I went based on the times I *should* go to the office, but apparently my partner had no idea what to do and didn't read anything. Very frustrating. 

Code for particpant:  ikk27s4c 
 Strategy answer:  No special stratergy. 

Code for particpant:  f4ysyt0j 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to base my answers on the time that I arrived at work. 

Code for particpant:  xbo4c2zc 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen when there was a lot of time left 

Code for particpant:  xichpd3g 
 Strategy answer:  I did not understand it or how the other person played the second round. It kind of made me hate the other person. I thought they would say the same as me and I don't understand why they didn't. It feels wrong. 

Code for particpant:  so8jar7m 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't use a particular strategy, I just read the rules and instructions of the game and tried to come up with my best estimate. 

Code for particpant:  82jvglwc 
 Strategy answer:  I just assumed the other person was just like me and tried to minimize loss 

Code for particpant:  41zq2w8e 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to play it safe. It's obvious to go the canteen anytime before 8:40, but when 8:50 comes up it's a gamble. I messed up by assuming my partner would agree once, but after that I played it safe so I would lose less. 

Code for particpant:  9306je8b 
 Strategy answer:  I chose canteen when I thought that there was a good chance that my partner would go to the canteen as well. 

Code for particpant:  4ptuvpvg 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to look at the time mostly. 

Code for particpant:  ikw8x1y0 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to make my judgement based off my arrival time and whether or not my colleague would have enough time as well. 

Code for particpant:  6xbvcy7i 
 Strategy answer:  Common sense, at least I thought :( 

Code for particpant:  uy7it7py 
 Strategy answer:  I paid very close attention to the time I got to the office, and tried to decide if my friend would have time to join me in the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  qvrxyjin 
 Strategy answer:  If it was early, go to canteen, if it was 9 or later, go to office. 

Code for particpant:  rllkippk 
 Strategy answer:  I only considered the time I arrived to work 

Code for particpant:  olr7mye6 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to choose canteen at all times unless it was 10 minutes before or past 9AM. 

Code for particpant:  mfh2at34 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess what my partner would do 

Code for particpant:  tkelivu2 
 Strategy answer:  If they were going to arrive at 8:50 or beyond, or I was, I chose office. Everything else seemed safe. 

Code for particpant:  4zd24t72 
 Strategy answer:  I followed the instructions and went by memory 

Code for particpant:  19ufn05l 
 Strategy answer:  For a while i always showed up at 9 so of course i went to the office, figured my colleague probably would as well (either they showed up after 9, or they showed up at ten to 9 and would think i might show up late.) Up to the last round my colleague came in ten minutes before me so i thought they might be likely to go to the canteen at 8:40 and went there as well. 

Code for particpant:  kqv659ii 
 Strategy answer:  If it was 9am or close to it I went to the office. I clicked "very certain" if it was 9am 

Code for particpant:  59vnoyje 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to be consistent with the choice hoping my partner was consistent with their choice. 

Code for particpant:  j0z4bx0p 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to use the results of previous rounds to determine my choices. 

Code for particpant:  w2ek6bq0 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't really have a strategy, clearly.. given that I lost all my money. 

Code for particpant:  3vu8oe8j 
 Strategy answer:  A poor one. I was guessing mostly. 1 minute timer on the instructions meant I didn't have time to develop a strategy 

Code for particpant:  wam523fw 
 Strategy answer:  go where i thought the lowest penalty would occur 

Code for particpant:  siyioktk 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to judge what they would pick based off of their previous choices. 

Code for particpant:  sgh6sw8d 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to choose the option that would result in the highest bonus for me and my partner. 

Code for particpant:  thn38u0w 
 Strategy answer:  Apparently not a very good one. I tried to make my choices according to the time and tried to maximize my earnings by being completely certain with my choices. Probably should not have went with very certain. 

Code for particpant:  yz1l51iu 
 Strategy answer:  Hoped that my partner would pick the same as me. Switched at the end after 2 incorrect responses assuming the partner would stick with original response. I guess they had a similar thought process and we ended up missing all together. 

Code for particpant:  i32l3gly 
 Strategy answer:  I just based it off of the arrival times and if we had time to go the canteen before 9 am. 

Code for particpant:  s8au4jnx 
 Strategy answer:  If there was more than 20 minutes before office time, I went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  0ccswq41 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't have time to develop a strategy. 

Code for particpant:  garge0cf 
 Strategy answer:  It was all guessing because I lost money no matter what I did. 

Code for particpant:  juri7sch 
 Strategy answer:  To be honest, I didn't have time for a strategy. I waited 10 minutes to join a game, then had to wait several minutes during some of the rounds, so I had to hurry and could not think of what to do. I apologize, but please give HITs like this more time so we can figure it out. 

Code for particpant:  pz1lcmog 
 Strategy answer:  I went back and forth at first then realized I should stick with one option the whole time, which didn't pay off at all. 

Code for particpant:  5wz132x4 
 Strategy answer:  I wanted to guess what the other person would do. 

Code for particpant:  0b98rej6 
 Strategy answer:  none 

Code for particpant:  qlse9cff 
 Strategy answer:  Did my best based on the time i showed up. 

Code for particpant:  u4vvxt7a 
 Strategy answer:  Just went based on the time and what the rules stated.  The closer to 9am i was a little less certain. 

Code for particpant:  pf0azo3o 
 Strategy answer:  Read the directions and made the correct choices based on the instructions, one of the times I meant to click very certain and accidentally hit very uncertain so I lost 1.39$. 

Code for particpant:  o6txi6qn 
 Strategy answer:  based on time difference and how the other players played 

Code for particpant:  tvsncn6z 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to determine which option is correct and which would allow the smallest losses. 

Code for particpant:  6cimek04 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to make the right decisions 

Code for particpant:  usm2o27b 
 Strategy answer:  Based on the time we arrived I made my best guess. 

Code for particpant:  9y18vvk7 
 Strategy answer:  Not really any strategy I was feeling out my colleague and the game was over 

Code for particpant:  wvw3kru7 
 Strategy answer:  I tried my best to choose what I thought the other person would do. I was wrong, apparently. 

Code for particpant:  itz0pszl 
 Strategy answer:  I always went to the canteen when my time was early enough such that there was no chance my partner arrived before 9 A.M. If I arrived at 9:00 A.M I went to the office and just hoped that they arrived at 9:10 and said somewhat certain to minimize my losses either way. 

Code for particpant:  qz03ssvs 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried my best 

Code for particpant:  3y2az1m4 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen on the earlier days. I just tried to guess where the other worker would go if it was close to 9 am. 

Code for particpant:  fi5v16ag 
 Strategy answer:  I am just going with my intuitive feelings so my answers are most candid for the research. 

Code for particpant:  nza8wru1 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to guess based on the rules. 

Code for particpant:  vc3z6s5f 
 Strategy answer:  I only got to play 3 rounds. I looked at my arrival time and chose based on that since I didn't have a feel for what the other person might do. 

Code for particpant:  hbv0lrvp 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to do what I thought my partner would do and minimize my losses 

Code for particpant:  xi4b0tfe 
 Strategy answer:  I chose the canteen every time. It did not pay off. 

Code for particpant:  ydzlogk6 
 Strategy answer:  If I arrived at 8:40 or earlier, I always chose to go to the canteen. At 8:50 or later, I assumed my colleague would arrive later so I chose the office. 

Code for particpant:  vkj9h0dj 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to gauge the odds of what the other person might do and what their time might be. 

Code for particpant:  ptpjydra 
 Strategy answer:  I went to the canteen if it was before 9 am. 

Code for particpant:  ypsk5k7d 
 Strategy answer:  Ugh. 

Code for particpant:  f3cggs7w 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to minimize my losses by choosing the lest risky option, like somewhat certain most of the time 

Code for particpant:  0srd225g 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to minimize my losses as much as possible by honestly assessing how likely I thought various actions by my partner were to occur. 

Code for particpant:  2n1g3au3 
 Strategy answer:  Just went with my logic. 

Code for particpant:  zjhefn7s 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think of what they would do but failed. 

Code for particpant:  6sdxi5h7 
 Strategy answer:  Obviously, not a good one according to the result. 

Code for particpant:  gwo9umkc 
 Strategy answer:  I was trying to follow the rules and consider what the other person was going to do. 

Code for particpant:  uy3z3dv0 
 Strategy answer:  I just wanted to keep losing only 1 cent but apparently I chose wrong :) 

Code for particpant:  jzravjg0 
 Strategy answer:  I would have assumed the person I was playing against would always say Canteen because it maximizes both our payouts, but apparently not. 

Code for particpant:  xn3qsnga 
 Strategy answer:  I had assumed originally if I arrive before 8:40 we would both go to canteen, after that, the office. But it became apparent when arriving at 8 and they went to office that they never go to canteen 

Code for particpant:  1lwf9ml2 
 Strategy answer:  the choice that made sense and best for me 

Code for particpant:  xixi783q 
 Strategy answer:  unsure 

Code for particpant:  gm5fkbue 
 Strategy answer:  tried to play it safe 

Code for particpant:  cpk4g4t4 
 Strategy answer:  I read the description, and based on the time I made my choice. 

Code for particpant:  qabg4o62 
 Strategy answer:  I focused on the time that I arrived off the bus to tell me whether to go to the office or to go to the canteen. Knowing that we had to go to the office at 9 made me feel more certain in my decisions. 

Code for particpant:  summuv6h 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to make correct choices 

Code for particpant:  ginquiij 
 Strategy answer:  Assuming my partner would do the rational thing. 

Code for particpant:  y3vv5fd2 
 Strategy answer:  Hoped my partner would go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  ct9urqia 
 Strategy answer:  If I arrived within 10 minutes of 9:00 I was going to go straight to the office. 

Code for particpant:  dia0quve 
 Strategy answer:  I simply followed recommendations from the instructions page. 

Code for particpant:  9372t862 
 Strategy answer:  I chose to go with the canteen unless my time was around 8:50 AM or 9:00 AM because my partner would be uncertain if I would arrive 10 minutes before or after them. We were lucky enough to be thinking on the same page every time. 

Code for particpant:  mb48zvcj 
 Strategy answer:  I used the wrong one, I should have been more cautious on the certainty of the last choice.. Stupid me! 

Code for particpant:  knq16izk 
 Strategy answer:  I went with the strategy of what I thought my partner would do 

Code for particpant:  cwjc9wrz 
 Strategy answer:  I just went with my gut. I chose answers based on what I would really do. 

Code for particpant:  teo5lzkv 
 Strategy answer:  to try and pick the right answer 

Code for particpant:  uf0tmwsu 
 Strategy answer:  When it looked like my colleague was consistently going to the canteen, I chose very certain so as to retain my money. That was when my colleague decided to go elsewhere. I lost everything as a result. I should have stayed uncertain throughout. 

Code for particpant:  aztsroyf 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to assume that the person would do what I would have done. 

Code for particpant:  jjjybwjn 
 Strategy answer:  I mostly tried to go to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  piz44rmz 
 Strategy answer:  I based my decisions off of my arrival time. 

Code for particpant:  ythna08i 
 Strategy answer:  Go to the canteen if I arrived early and don't go if I arrived late. 

Code for particpant:  393r3x6l 
 Strategy answer:  I was pretty confident and made sure I used the arrival times to my advantage and made educated guesses, 

Code for particpant:  uly29bgk 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to figure out what time they cut off going to the canteen. I was wrong. 

Code for particpant:  xnuocav6 
 Strategy answer:  I thought my colleague was arriving at the same time as me, and that was not the case. 

Code for particpant:  zgmn5r7a 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to measure how much time they had mostly and made my decision based on that. 

Code for particpant:  5pf0p0sz 
 Strategy answer:  If I felt like there was plenty of time to get coffee before work I went and assume the partner would too 

Code for particpant:  plm59xl2 
 Strategy answer:  I just chose by how much time I had before 9am 

Code for particpant:  u5jbxspw 
 Strategy answer:  I imagined that my colleague was like me and then "thought like them" 

Code for particpant:  y02w1591 
 Strategy answer:  I would think if we had time to make it to the canteen why wouldn't we go. 

Code for particpant:  etvzd6pr 
 Strategy answer:  I did not feel that either of us should go to the canteen with the time allowed prior to needing to be in the office. 

Code for particpant:  uz3sydse 
 Strategy answer:  I assessed the time and if it seemed there was enough of it I thought we would go 

Code for particpant:  fdqjpwwa 
 Strategy answer:  I just thought of what my partner was likely to do. 

Code for particpant:  vw4avove 
 Strategy answer:  How to get cheated out of a huge bonus. 

Code for particpant:  h1d32hol 
 Strategy answer:  I just went by the time that I arrived at work and estimated when my colleague would arrive. 

Code for particpant:  bnuz8mna 
 Strategy answer:  I did not have one. 

Code for particpant:  qg2t1zcn 
 Strategy answer:  I chose the canteen 

Code for particpant:  yi7p2win 
 Strategy answer:  Anytime that fell at 8:50 or 9 AM I opted to select going to the office. 

Code for particpant:  9uuzcesu 
 Strategy answer:  It was hard, I guessed mostly depending on when I arrived. 

Code for particpant:  qw7ez644 
 Strategy answer:  just the best of my ability :) 

Code for particpant:  wm8mmo0t 
 Strategy answer:  I did not have one 

Code for particpant:  j68gvqqf 
 Strategy answer:  Didn't get to play enough rounds to develop one. 

Code for particpant:  661popsh 
 Strategy answer:  I went with my gut reaction. 

Code for particpant:  jctk6x5v 
 Strategy answer:  I gauged the time and how much time we had to get back to the office. I believe my coworker has no appreciation of time whatsoever. 

Code for particpant:  gurvfwo4 
 Strategy answer:  I chose what i thought my participate would choose. 

Code for particpant:  n9c0nz4w 
 Strategy answer:  I used the information about my time to guess if my partner would go to the canteen or office based on what I thought their time would be. 

Code for particpant:  btk9gawm 
 Strategy answer:  Based on time. If it was before 8:30, was certain that it was the canteen. After 8:50 or 9, and certain it was the office. Also looked at past results. 

Code for particpant:  jyjikhkl 
 Strategy answer:  First one I used the time because it said 8:30 so I knew that we both had time to go to canteen by the instructions. Then when it said 9 I knew that I had to go to the office. 

Code for particpant:  hw957gvh 
 Strategy answer:  I just learned all instructions and i followed all instructions. 

Code for particpant:  izlrycsx 
 Strategy answer:  I read the instructions. 

Code for particpant:  wgygiyv8 
 Strategy answer:  I hoped my partner would choose the same thing I did once a pattern formed 

Code for particpant:  og4fq63t 
 Strategy answer:  My bad :( 

Code for particpant:  vjyofbc4 
 Strategy answer:  If I had enough time before 9, i chose the canteen 

Code for particpant:  ey3gc678 
 Strategy answer:  simply went to canteen if I arrived early enough to do so 

Code for particpant:  sacz1ru8 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to follow the instructions, while guessing what my partner would do. 

Code for particpant:  caxcvurq 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess the likelyhood that the other person playing would arrive at 8:50 or earlier. Depending on how likely it was would determine how certain I said I was about my decision. I always assumed that would go to the canteen if they could arrive at 8:50 or earlier. 

Code for particpant:  bx150fsy 
 Strategy answer:  I didn't aware of any strategy until it was already too late. The strategy was to base on the chart on how to make the answers. Choose the smallest deduction on the certainty level as the choice will guarantee the smallest amount of losses. 

Code for particpant:  p36x144p 
 Strategy answer:  trusted they'd do the same as me 

Code for particpant:  zd891w8c 
 Strategy answer:  I remembered about 2 rounds in that my partner always arrives within ten minutes of me, so that basically guarantees we both go to the canteen if I arrived at or before 8:50.  Anything later than that and I had to be more cautious 

Code for particpant:  lpuwei5z 
 Strategy answer:  I paid attention to the time. 

Code for particpant:  dvs0rvim 
 Strategy answer:  based on time  anything before 9 went to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  atrygqzb 
 Strategy answer:  Deciding if I had enough time to go to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  o1pkixlb 
 Strategy answer:  Playing the odds of my coworker coming in ten minutes after me vs ten minutes before, trying to choose the safer option between the two. A lot of it seemed like chance, though. 

Code for particpant:  0ixfbhsr 
 Strategy answer:  always went to canteen 

Code for particpant:  zo2hhn2q 
 Strategy answer:  I decided to go to the canteen irregardless of what time it was. 

Code for particpant:  r8hynbda 
 Strategy answer:  If I got to the office at 8:40 or earlier, I chose the canteen. The strategy failed since sometimes the other person went to the office. 

Code for particpant:  1ouizqu5 
 Strategy answer:  I figured if they had at least 20 minutes whey would go to canteen. 

Code for particpant:  bf205eii 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to think of how my week would be going timewise 

Code for particpant:  ykxj5zt1 
 Strategy answer:  As long as I was 15 minutes before 9, I would pick go to canteen and be certain about it. I have no idea what my partner was thinking. Their choices didn't make sense! 

Code for particpant:  69ghv9rz 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to see if we would have enough time to go to the canteen even if it was just for a short time. 

Code for particpant:  x1caee3v 
 Strategy answer:  If it was too early I went straight to  the office 

Code for particpant:  lb302tkt 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to gauge about how long it would take to head to the canteen and grab a coffee and I also tried to pay attention to my partner's patterns of decision making. Both of us seemed to agree that 20 minutes or more was best for going to the canteen, but 10 minutes or fewer meant that we should head straight to the office. 

Code for particpant:  2p4s7n6i 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to use the option that I thought gave me the best odds. I tried to play it more safe towards the end 

Code for particpant:  8rqmz0z3 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess what would make the best sense to my partner and go with that. 

Code for particpant:  bab644jv 
 Strategy answer:  If I had 20 minutes or more before 9:00 a.m. I went to the canteen and was very certain they did too. 

Code for particpant:  d7x3gt9x 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to make the decision that would maximize my payoff 

Code for particpant:  zunxws8y 
 Strategy answer:  1st Step, I choose canteen. but other participant choose Office. so next time I choose Office. this time participant choose canteen.   that's all. 

Code for particpant:  qsmbfv8s 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to imagine it was a real life. 

Code for particpant:  r6kwrka8 
 Strategy answer:  I did not have one, at first i tried to stay in the middle of the certainty scale but I felt I was losing too much. But the game ended right away when i strayed away from the middle bc it is riskier 

Code for particpant:  gbi0451r 
 Strategy answer:  I did what i'd do in real life 

Code for particpant:  0o1xrhcz 
 Strategy answer:  very intresting this game 

Code for particpant:  jqwoutwz 
 Strategy answer:  depending on the time if i had enough time i would go to the canteen which were most of the rounds 

Code for particpant:  nm8bpak6 
 Strategy answer:  Choose canteen if we both had time. 

Code for particpant:  mghjd2xs 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to look at the time and calculate forward and backward 10 minutes. If it were possible to be 9am for one of those times, I always went to the office 

Code for particpant:  8ry7jppk 
 Strategy answer:  tried to be cautious 

Code for particpant:  66fb092o 
 Strategy answer:  i wanted to be smart and make educated guesses for what I could do. 

Code for particpant:  d53q7kqg 
 Strategy answer:  i tried to make guesses like my partner did. 

Code for particpant:  tefl8tk4 
 Strategy answer:  went with my gut 

Code for particpant:  0bpf1389 
 Strategy answer:  I guessed based on the time before 9 AM. 

Code for particpant:  rw7awhn6 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the canteen when it was early and the office when it was later 

Code for particpant:  xowwz0yj 
 Strategy answer:  If my arrival time was prior to 9am I went to the canteen. If my arrival time was after 9am I went to the office. 

Code for particpant:  9erdb9pk 
 Strategy answer:  I thought about what I would do in real life comparexd to the scenario. 

Code for particpant:  ocwyxx8v 
 Strategy answer:  I thought if we arrived early it would be more likely to go to the canteen, but it doesn't look like that happened. 

Code for particpant:  qevvpt43 
 Strategy answer:  i used logic mostly based on the time mentioned. 

Code for particpant:  73ak7zcv 
 Strategy answer:  For the most part, I made the assumption that I would go in and start work, in the office. 

Code for particpant:  w4m2hepg 
 Strategy answer:  i trried to put myself in the position of my colleague and do the same thing based on t he schedule in the instructionns 

Code for particpant:  n17mg60l 
 Strategy answer:  Going to the office if either participant could possibly arrive at 9. Go to the canteen only if I arrived at 8:40 or earlier. 

Code for particpant:  7r6u4kgj 
 Strategy answer:  If it was a decent amount of time before 9 i went to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  hvza183g 
 Strategy answer:  I ended up pressing the wrong certainty by accident a few times, otherwise just went to the canteen if there was enough time. 

Code for particpant:  t8vmebhj 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to predict my partners moves. Didn't go as planned. 

Code for particpant:  k7mq8gxs 
 Strategy answer:  based on time for decision 

Code for particpant:  opvs97gw 
 Strategy answer:  If there are twenty minutes or more I went to the canteen. But was only certain if there were 30 minutes at least. 

Code for particpant:  6xb2dkpa 
 Strategy answer:  I just guessed and tried to look at the times listed. 

Code for particpant:  wkatpsvx 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go with the choice that offered the least amount of reduction in bonus should my partner choose the same.  Not sure I was playing with a person or bot however. 

Code for particpant:  k8aamt3i 
 Strategy answer:  none 

Code for particpant:  du5qzurk 
 Strategy answer:  It did not go very well, I thought I was certain, and I was wrong. 

Code for particpant:  yhu9qt6z 
 Strategy answer:  I couldn't use any strategy, really, because my partner clearly didn't read the direction or understand the task at all. It seems they were just clicking anything. 

Code for particpant:  8ao8fxfq 
 Strategy answer:  I imagined that if we arrived early we would both go to the canteen and was certain that it would be like that. 

Code for particpant:  6vudeua8 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to predict my partners move but I did poorly 

Code for particpant:  w1cmek0t 
 Strategy answer:  Went to canteen but was less certain if coworker might arrive after 9. 

Code for particpant:  p726wi8w 
 Strategy answer:  The strategy of losing. 

Code for particpant:  rml58kcr 
 Strategy answer:  IF I GOT THERE LATE I WENT TO THE OFFICE. 

Code for particpant:  5657xrbr 
 Strategy answer:  I mainly used the strategy of thinking for myself if I had time to get to the canteen before work or not. Unfortunately this strategy did not work as well as planned. 

Code for particpant:  8jshcbh2 
 Strategy answer:  Trying not to arrive late to work. 

Code for particpant:  so9q8yrg 
 Strategy answer:  If the time was 8:30 or earlier, always go to canteen with high certainty. If it was after that, then the certainty decreased. 

Code for particpant:  9lk16qru 
 Strategy answer:  There was a 10 minute difference and I assumed if it was going to be 9 with the 10 minute difference that it would be straight to the office.  Otherwise it was to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  slphrqhm 
 Strategy answer:  I trusted my partner and only went to the canteen when it was 100% safe for both of us 

Code for particpant:  jglhjbkz 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to anticipate what my partner would choose to do by considering what time they would likely arrive and based my certainty level on that. 

Code for particpant:  oy1hqdfs 
 Strategy answer:  I followed the directions. 

Code for particpant:  3wbcll4d 
 Strategy answer:  I thought about what I would do and that it's probably very similar to what the other person would do. I didn't think too hard about it. 

Code for particpant:  oct78vmi 
 Strategy answer:  i thought if there was enough time i would always go to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  fghsfqys 
 Strategy answer:  Maximize my earnings 

Code for particpant:  2nv2xuf5 
 Strategy answer:  I listened to the instructions that if we arrived before 9 am we should go to the canteen. If we arrived after 9 am we went to the office.  This strategy didn't work. 

Code for particpant:  06wdjbd5 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time and just guessed 

Code for particpant:  gmxql3wm 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to look at the time and decide whether there was enough time to go or to go to office. 

Code for particpant:  atupteuk 
 Strategy answer:  If there was plenty of time to go to the canteen and plenty of time for my partner to go, I went. 

Code for particpant:  eg18ajki 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think like my partner. 

Code for particpant:  n8rdo0s3 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to guess what my partner would do. 

Code for particpant:  z2dapqqk 
 Strategy answer:  i tried going, i tried not going, its like i couldnt win for losing so I just gave up and said lets go to the canteen, whats the worst that can happen. 

Code for particpant:  n8xs2ec1 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to stick with what was the most logical, hoping that the other person would do the same. It was in our best interest to do what seemed to make the most sense with whether or not we had time to go to the canteen or not. 

Code for particpant:  i03p7qua 
 Strategy answer:  I only chose to go to the canteen if I felt there was suitable time. 

Code for particpant:  tuecchng 
 Strategy answer:  Limited My risk and chose quite certain if it was close even though I knew they would be going to Canteen. 

Code for particpant:  u9h72fsq 
 Strategy answer:  I figured that any time before 9:50 meant that we had time to go the the canteen. So that's what I chose. If the arrival time was 9:50, I figured the safer bet was to choose to go to the office. 

Code for particpant:  hky1rqw0 
 Strategy answer:  I based my decision on what time my partner had and how likely it was that their time was guaranteed to arrive to work before 9:00am 

Code for particpant:  1lhfkvck 
 Strategy answer:  I just went with my gut feeling. After a while, I kind of learned my partner and what decision they would make. 

Code for particpant:  b1mqf3ew 
 Strategy answer:  I basically used the previous instructions, if it was exactly 9am I went to the office. Anything before I went to the canteen. I also tried to pay attention to what the other participant would select but I don't think they read the instructions very carefully as their choices seemed somewhat random. 

Code for particpant:  sudqti1u 
 Strategy answer:  Assumption 

Code for particpant:  r58t64dr 
 Strategy answer:  I just went to the canteen unless I arrived at 850 or 9 AM. At that point I was not sure if I should go to the office or canteen. 

Code for particpant:  rwldbn84 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to see if there was enough time to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  tbw34hr4 
 Strategy answer:  brain power 

Code for particpant:  5zn2iian 
 Strategy answer:  I only got to play three rounds because my partner clearly didn't understand the rules, and cost us our entire bonus. 

Code for particpant:  lt65f6os 
 Strategy answer:  Always go to the canteen if its before 9:00 am. And if its after always go the office. 

Code for particpant:  7nnamfnb 
 Strategy answer:  if the variabilty of my partner overlapped with the 9 am or not. 

Code for particpant:  tk2e6wm0 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think about what others would do at a certain time. 

Code for particpant:  xss42sbw 
 Strategy answer:  If I were 8:50 or later -> office. Otherwise, Canteen. Certainty depended on if it was even possible for colleague to do the other option. 

Code for particpant:  ivxdefbm 
 Strategy answer:  If i arrived at 9 or later I went to the office 

Code for particpant:  jvr0u496 
 Strategy answer:  I just tried to do an every other choice strategy thing. 

Code for particpant:  o4ae4ei2 
 Strategy answer:  If my arrival was within 10 minutes of 9 I assumed  a fair chance of colleague arriving around the same time and maybe not having time 

Code for particpant:  zittq6wn 
 Strategy answer:  I followed the rules, that before 9.00am we'd have time for coffe. I arrived at 8.40, so the latest the other person could arrive was 8.50. Time for coffee and I was certain of this. When the opposite cenario happened, I followed what they did last time, and they this time went to the canteen. Inconsistent! 

Code for particpant:  m5ec0d1h 
 Strategy answer:  If it was not 9 o clock, to always go to get coffee. 

Code for particpant:  f0g1jetq 
 Strategy answer:  I got coffee if I arrived before 8:40. Unfortunately, I lost 9:00 because of an incompetent partner. 

Code for particpant:  7ixl4dsx 
 Strategy answer:  I was just trying to predict what my partner would do, but he didn't have to seem to have a strategy to stick to what we did at the beginning for the least amount of losses. 

Code for particpant:  u44kdxxp 
 Strategy answer:  I tryed to pick the same as my college. 

Code for particpant:  y0f6ekh8 
 Strategy answer:  I did not really use any strategy. I just thought about what the other person's time could be, and figured that they would go to the office most of the time. 

Code for particpant:  lto1zdo6 
 Strategy answer:  I decided I would go if I had time and hoped my partner would to 

Code for particpant:  7gl6c1ay 
 Strategy answer:  I used my own arrival time to assume when my partner would most likely arrive and guessed what there action would be based on that assumption. 

Code for particpant:  uigsnjyo 
 Strategy answer:  No strategy what so ever.  Complete guessing game.  The penalty nuked all my bonus in three rounds so there wasn't much too think about. 

Code for particpant:  s1xzhnh3 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the canteen whenever I was very much early. I also tried to see if my colleague would arrive before 9am. There was as time period where they were arriving every day later and later so I got more uncertain. 

Code for particpant:  npmmbab3 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the canteen every time before 9am. 

Code for particpant:  7eoyabgy 
 Strategy answer:  Just judge the time we arrive & how much time we have before 9:00 am to go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  5euefcxl 
 Strategy answer:  I loved this hit!  I went with my gut and tried to put myself in the shoes of arriving at work with plenty of time before 9:00 am. If "I" arrived closer to 8-8:30 then I would have had 10 min to catch up with my co-worker before work. SO I did not head to the canteen after 8:50 and then went straight to the office. I also went with my gut on certainty, if It was after 8:50 then I was pretty certain that my co-worker would head to the office as well so he or she would not be late. 

Code for particpant:  ix5aldez 
 Strategy answer:  if i arrive early to work i go to the canteen 

Code for particpant:  spqi9t3m 
 Strategy answer:  to try to maximize bonus by being certain of what the other was doing 

Code for particpant:  7t9pmbit 
 Strategy answer:  If I arrived before 9 I assumed we would go to the canteen. I picked somewhat uncertain so I would minimize my losses. 

Code for particpant:  hkip35uu 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the canteen if I was reasonably early and tried to guess if my coworker would do the same. The times when I was close to 9 I was uncertain and at the start I went to the canteen but unfortunately was overconfident that my coworker had arrived early and did the same. Later on when I arrived very early I was certain I would choose the canteen and my coworker would also. 

Code for particpant:  td12ct4i 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to go to the canteen whenever I had the chance as my partner was doing the same and I was reasonably confident that they would. 

Code for particpant:  fo9bwlsn 
 Strategy answer:  Anything 9 am or before I would go to the canteen. Anything after 9am I would go to the office. 

Code for particpant:  v7kbyjun 
 Strategy answer:  Depending on how much time before 9AM went left is how I determined if we would go to the canteen or the office. 

Code for particpant:  4sbf7net 
 Strategy answer:  I looked at the time at first and thought if I would actually go to the canteen or office and then I tried to think what my colleague would do. I didn't seem to have a strategy that actually worked. 

Code for particpant:  pb0vkwi7 
 Strategy answer:  keeping in mind that we arrived 10 minutes apart, if I was at least 30 min early it was definitely the canteen room 

Code for particpant:  6v6kfv3g 
 Strategy answer:  If it was 8:30am or earlier, I went to the canteen, if it was after that time, I went to the office. 

Code for particpant:  sepgzy4g 
 Strategy answer:  I concerned myself with how much time it would take me to go to the canteen and then get to my desk in the office. I hoped that my co-worker was doing the same thing especially since I was not sure what time they arrived. 

Code for particpant:  ty8up23f 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to put myself in my colleague's shoes and then choose as I thought they would. 

Code for particpant:  90isdq8d 
 Strategy answer:  I remembered that my colleague must arrive 10 minutes after or before my time. I knew that if I had a time of 8:50, there is a chance that my partner goes to the canteen and I go to the office. I forgot that if we both do different things, I lose money. So I screwed that up. But basically, If my time is 8:30 or less, he would definitely go to the canteen. 

Code for particpant:  q39bnave 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to assume that my partner was 10 minutes ahead of me and if it was 9 then chose the office, however I forgot that my partner also wouldn't know if I was 10 ahead or behind so within 2 rounds lost all my bonus based on certainty penalties. 

Code for particpant:  qy44ssem 
 Strategy answer:  No strategy, just guessing. 

Code for particpant:  pf1cduw3 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to think based off the time information I had. So if I arrived by 8:40 chances were there was enough time to go to canteen. That did backfire once when the arrival was 8:50. 

Code for particpant:  2bvvlx4i 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to think what they would do. 

Code for particpant:  pex4y5ow 
 Strategy answer:  My strategy was to hope that my partner was not brain dead.  It was not a very effective strategy 

Code for particpant:  io7d9xal 
 Strategy answer:  watching time i arrive at work 

Code for particpant:  rmot8ch7 
 Strategy answer:  Knowing the time we had to choose office, it was simple knowing when to choose canteen 

Code for particpant:  sgb671zc 
 Strategy answer:  trying to figure out what the other would do in that time frame they would be in. 

Code for particpant:  tbgyhfxs 
 Strategy answer:  I made my choices based on my arrival time 

Code for particpant:  yjfo2sxz 
 Strategy answer:  I followed the rules and if I arrived before 9 I made sure to go to the canteen hoping the other partner would do the same. 

Code for particpant:  ug7j6wz5 
 Strategy answer:  Time estimate. 

Code for particpant:  66ukxmm5 
 Strategy answer:  I always thought I had time for the canteen 

Code for particpant:  1f1yz0sv 
 Strategy answer:  Tried to anticipate their guesses. 

Code for particpant:  gw1y5fkn 
 Strategy answer:  nice experience 

Code for particpant:  1mqdqkvs 
 Strategy answer:  I was basing off of how the other player was playing as well as the time. We were on point til round 9. 

Code for particpant:  b62ak2ol 
 Strategy answer:  I thought my partner would go to the canteen unless the time was 9, as instructed. He or she or it didn't do so 100%. 

Code for particpant:  nubsokbw 
 Strategy answer:  i had thought we would both go to the canteen and basically lost all my money on round 1 i tried to stay above 0 the rest of the game and failed 

Code for particpant:  n8ee0dqk 
 Strategy answer:  follow an idea 

Code for particpant:  t3t9kgbb 
 Strategy answer:  Assumed the worst possible scenario (if my time was 8:30, I would assume my partner came at 8:40 and assumed I would arrive at 8:50) and if that was lower than 9:00 then I would go to the canteen and be very certain. If I arrived at 9:00 then I would go to the office and hope my partner would too. 

Code for particpant:  ftc57sli 
 Strategy answer:  Just looking at the times, and which ones were more likely to have me in the office vs canteen. I'm kicking myself for messing tht one up. 

Code for particpant:  7c8thfp6 
 Strategy answer:  I guessed based on how much time i had. 

Code for particpant:  5g8tyv0q 
 Strategy answer:  Just judged where to go by the time. 

Code for particpant:  2kdwasnv 
 Strategy answer:  My strategy was to decide on an option while staying true to that option in order to retain my bonus amount. I based my degree of certainty on how likely a certain choice was likely to occur and stick with that choice until the end. 

Code for particpant:  u1gou8wx 
 Strategy answer:  I'm not sure. This is kind of unforgiving. 

Code for particpant:  3p7y30a1 
 Strategy answer:  If it was close to 9:00,  I went to the office and assumed my partner would do the same since that would make sense. I don't really think my partner behaved logically. 

Code for particpant:  g92q2a09 
 Strategy answer:  I tried to regulate based on previous decisions 

